Welcome everybody in this video we're going to take a quick look at the data where we got it from.
How is it structure and how it looks in the SB file.
So let's jump into it because our applications are coming through lending marketplaces that we discussed
in the previous video.
Then we have access to the financial data before the onboarding process even begins.
This data includes personal information age time employed and other financial metrics.
These are the financial metrics are often just a huge list of different features.
And although in this project we're not going to be using those features we are going to be using rescored
that were created based on those features.
So let me give you a description.
We're going to get a lot of financial data from the P2P marketplace.
The data comes in that data comes in even before we decide to accept the lead and give our love an offer
in the marketplace itself.
Again this is before the user arrives into our on boarding process.
Now our engineers in our finest team will work together on building racecourse from these financial
metrics and it will be a couple of different rescore space on many different factors.
It is not our job to decide what the risk scores are what they mean or how they are built.
Those are more in the finance compliance and engineering teams but we're going to leverage those scores.
So the data that we're going to end up with in the one that we're going to build all of our models based
on is based on few financial metrics like I mentioned I said of course coming from our own engineering
finance teams and also we're going to get a couple of quality scores that come from the P2P marketplace
itself.
So the market is going to provide us with a definition of quality scores whatever whatever they decide
to score a particular lead and we're going to use that in our models.
Now with all these data we're going to finally be able to build a model that can predict whether or
not the user is of a quality such that can reach that particular end in screen that we want.
The esign in screen.
So now just take a quick look at the actual data.
All right.
So if we move the data around here let's zoom in a little bit here and give you a quick description
of what we're seeing.
So the first of course is always going to be the user identifier column and this is something I always
see it the way I always square things is the first column or my data is that user identifier does in
this case is a random number that is I believe 7 digits long.
And it's again it's random for every single person.
And we don't care much about it.
Now the second column is the age column the age column.
Again since most locked up begins in all of applicants have to be 18 or older to qualify.
Then the age group here is going to be 18 to as high as 180 depending on how old the person the last
applicant is.
So based get your base get you is an indicator of how often the applicant gets paid weekly meaning every
week of course by weekly every two weeks.
Semi-monthly been a little bit different meaning twice a month.
So it's not exactly every two weeks but it's almost there.
And montri finally bean of course just once a month.
Now the next column is homeowner and this has only two levels.
One in zero if it's labeled as one then the user is a homeowner he's appropriate.
He's the owner of the house and if it's serious I think he's probably renting the house or has some
other accommodation income.
Again this is the monthly income of the applicant.
So this is the sum of all the paychecks they got in that particular month.
And this is an estimate that comes from the P2P marketplace as well.
Or this could be also a calculation based on the features that the user gave us at the beginning of
the application process again in the marketplace.
Now the next columns.
Let me stretch it out for you a little bit.
Is years employed which is a number indicating how many years the person has worked in their current
job the other column is a current address year meaning that how many years the person has stay in their
current age or address.
So have they really been in the house or an apartment for a long period of time or not.
And this column is personal account.
And this means that how many months that person has had their personal account.
Now these two columns right here are a combination of them.
So you have personal account Y which is years and personal account which is months.
OK.
So the combination of these two columns means that this particular user the first user in this dataset
has had their account for two years and six months.
OK.
So this is something that we're going to play around a little bit more during the process moving forward.
Then we have the highest that call and this indicates whether or not the person has had any debt or
any positive balance meaning that they owe money in the credit account or whether or not they are clean.
So this relates of course to these two columns in the past these two columns are our latest credit account
credit card things like that.
And this is if the person has that.
Now if we expand a little bit more to the right we see we're going to see a little more so first the
amount requested is here the amount requested is what the user decided to apply for the loan applicant
the rescore is the beginning of the set of five scores that are given to us by our finance and engineering
teams.
And the first risk seems to be a rescore a big number probably from Arnav a couple thousand to 100000.
And this rescore evaluate whether or not the user is likely to pay the loan is likely to sign the loan
and things of that sort.
So these risks are now built to predict the onboarding process.
They are built to predict whether or not the U.S. is going to fulfill the actual application a received
loan or set the loan and whether or not they're going to pay the loan although it is not exactly related
about our response.
This is something that we can still leverage because there still has to be some kind of relationship
within its risk course and the likelihood of reaching that is sign in screen.
So we have this we have the rescore number two which seems to be a number from 0 to 1 the same from
reactor number three four and five and these are different.
So you can see one for example in this first row rescore number 551 is pointing to this one point forty
eight point ninety and point 73.
So its a very different risk course meaning that they are based on different factors.
Now finally we have the two scores that are coming from the P2P marketplace.
So we have the quad rescore external quad core and external quad core number two.
And again the argument from Ballis from 0 to 1 and they are different scores.
You can see now the last two columns are the increase in the last month so homine inquiries that user
has had in the last month and this just a number based on how many times the user has had a hard check
on their credit score.
Also known as a hard pool.
And finally we have the e-zine column which is our response variable.
So one indicates that the person has completed the signing process and 0 means that the person has not
completed the e-zines process.
OK.
So this is how they restructure will go and explore a little bit more when we get into the coding section
of this project.
So thank you very much for watching and see you in the next video.